VAULT-49244: OBO billing documentation (#3118)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/concepts/billing/clients/index.mdx

  as the same entity e.g. if client 1 requests `a.test.com` and client 2 requests
  `a.test.com` a single entity is created for both requests.

## Entity assignment with AI agents

> <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@include '../../../global/partials/alerts/ent/ent-only.mdx'
```

An AI agent becomes a client on its first successful API action.
In a delegated workflow where an agent acts on behalf of a subject, both the

> agent and the subject are recorded as separate entity clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a delegated workflow where an agent acts on behalf of a subject, Vault
records both the agent and the subject as separate entity clients.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

> See [Agent clients](/vault/docs/concepts/client-count/counting#agent-clients) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Agent clients overview](/vault/docs/concepts/client-count/counting#agent-clients) for
```
Style correction: use meaningful anchor text
